<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="https://mta.openssl.org/pipermail/openssl-project/2018-January/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5Bopenssl-project%5D%20As%20per%20vote%2C%20the%20project%20list%20is%20created&In-Reply-To=%3CCAHEJ-S7LLWh_BUn1YyhQQqr1e8eTaRhn%2B4JVSARXdYrMr%3DL15g%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000042.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000046.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created</H1>
    <B>Tim Hudson</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5Bopenssl-project%5D%20As%20per%20vote%2C%20the%20project%20list%20is%20created&In-Reply-To=%3CCAHEJ-S7LLWh_BUn1YyhQQqr1e8eTaRhn%2B4JVSARXdYrMr%3DL15g%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created">tjh at cryptsoft.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Jan  2 21:20:37 UTC 2018</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000042.html">[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="000046.html">[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#43">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#43">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#43">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#43">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I've added some edits to make it align more closely with the discussion and
correct a couple of items.

I think it should go out from the OMC as a whole - which does mean that
everyone should view it - and if we are sending as OMC then it should be on
the basis of a vote (so we are not placing words in the mouths of people
who haven't read and approved the wording).

I also wouldn't have sent the draft blog post to the public as yet ...

Tim.



On Wed, Jan 3, 2018 at 6:42 AM, Salz, Rich &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">rsalz at akamai.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> I wrote a draft blog post.  If anyone on the OMC wants to edit and put
</I>&gt;<i> their name on it, or suggest edits and I post it, that&#8217;s fine with me.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On 1/1/18, 7:30 PM, &quot;Paul Dale&quot; &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">paul.dale at oracle.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     A concurrent update for the mailing list page:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://www.openssl.org/community/mailinglists.html">https://www.openssl.org/community/mailinglists.html</A> too?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Pauli
</I>&gt;<i>     --
</I>&gt;<i>     Oracle
</I>&gt;<i>     Dr Paul Dale | Cryptographer | Network Security &amp; Encryption
</I>&gt;<i>     Phone +61 7 3031 7217
</I>&gt;<i>     Oracle Australia
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i>     From: Richard Levitte [mailto:<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">levitte at openssl.org</A>]
</I>&gt;<i>     Sent: Saturday, 23 December 2017 12:48 AM
</I>&gt;<i>     To: <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">openssl-project at openssl.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     Subject: Re: [openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     In message &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">20171222105738.GA17869 at roeckx.be</A>&gt; on Fri, 22 Dec 2017
</I>&gt;<i> 11:57:38 +0100, Kurt Roeckx &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">kurt at roeckx.be</A>&gt; said:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     kurt&gt; You should probably announce this new list more widely
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Agreed.  Wasn't someone going to make a blog post about it?  Or was
</I>&gt;<i> that just a general &quot;we should&quot; where noone actually said &quot;I will&quot;?
</I>&gt;<i>     For if no one feels they've taken that on, I will ;-)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     --
</I>&gt;<i>     Richard Levitte         <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">levitte at openssl.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     OpenSSL Project         <A HREF="http://www.openssl.org/~levitte/">http://www.openssl.org/~levitte/</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     openssl-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">openssl-project at openssl.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">https://mta.openssl.org/mailman/listinfo/openssl-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     openssl-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">openssl-project at openssl.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">https://mta.openssl.org/mailman/listinfo/openssl-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ---------- Forwarded message ----------
</I>&gt;<i> From: Rich Salz &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">rsalz at openssl.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">openssl-omc at openssl.org</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Cc:
</I>&gt;<i> Bcc:
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Tue, 2 Jan 2018 20:41:12 +0000
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: [openssl-omc] [blog] master update
</I>&gt;<i> The branch master has been updated
</I>&gt;<i>        via  90a4eb9e289be237bc80dc5393d32e79b2d7b001 (commit)
</I>&gt;<i>       from  0c536ced1e9bb1684ddf60af42e236dd69d3dd52 (commit)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> - Log -----------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> commit 90a4eb9e289be237bc80dc5393d32e79b2d7b001
</I>&gt;<i> Author: Rich Salz &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">rsalz at akamai.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Date:   Tue Jan 2 15:39:37 2018 -0500
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Draft of F2F blog post
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> -----------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Summary of changes:
</I>&gt;<i>  source/_posts/2018-01-04-f2f-email-etc.markdown | 130
</I>&gt;<i> ++++++++++++++++++++++++
</I>&gt;<i>  1 file changed, 130 insertions(+)
</I>&gt;<i>  create mode 100644 source/_posts/2018-01-04-f2f-email-etc.markdown
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> diff --git a/source/_posts/2018-01-04-f2f-email-etc.markdown
</I>&gt;<i> b/source/_posts/2018-01-04-f2f-email-etc.markdown
</I>&gt;<i> new file mode 100644
</I>&gt;<i> index 0000000..c62a133
</I>&gt;<i> --- /dev/null
</I>&gt;<i> +++ b/source/_posts/2018-01-04-f2f-email-etc.markdown
</I>&gt;<i> @@ -0,0 +1,130 @@
</I>&gt;<i> +---
</I>&gt;<i> +layout: post
</I>&gt;<i> +title: &quot;Another Face to Face: Email changes and crypto policy&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> +date: 2018-01-04 1:00
</I>&gt;<i> +comments: true
</I>&gt;<i> +author: &quot;???&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> +published: false
</I>&gt;<i> +---
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +The OpenSSL OMC met last month for a two-day face-to-face meeting, and
</I>&gt;<i> +like previous F2F meetings, most of the team was present and we got a
</I>&gt;<i> +great deal of issues addressed.  This blog posts talks about some of them,
</I>&gt;<i> +and most of the others will get their own blog posts, or notices, later.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +One of the overall threads of the meeting was about increasing the
</I>&gt;<i> +transparency of the project.  By default, everything should be done in
</I>&gt;<i> +public.  We decided to try some major changes to email and such.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +&lt;!-- more --&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +## Security Releases
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +First, a short item. We are changing our release schedule so that unless
</I>&gt;<i> +there are extenuating circumstances, security releases will go out on
</I>&gt;<i> +Tuesday, with the pre-notification being the previous Tuesday. We don't
</I>&gt;<i> see
</I>&gt;<i> +a need to have people ready to sacrifice their weekend every time a new
</I>&gt;<i> CVE
</I>&gt;<i> +comes out (see our
</I>&gt;<i> +&lt;a href=&quot;<A HREF="https://www.openssl.org/policies/secpolicy.html">https://www.openssl.org/policies/secpolicy.html</A>&quot;&gt;security
</I>&gt;<i> policy&lt;/a&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> +for details).
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +On the other hand, a Heartbleed-style vulnerability that has known
</I>&gt;<i> exploits
</I>&gt;<i> +would a good example of an extenuating circumstance.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +## Online communication
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We created a new mailing list,
</I>&gt;<i> +&lt;a href=&quot;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">https://mta.openssl.org/mailman/listinfo/openssl-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;&gt;openssl-project&lt;/a&gt;,
</I>&gt;<i> +that is for discussions about the governance and policies of OpenSSL.
</I>&gt;<i> +Anyone can join this list.  Initially, only members of the OMC and
</I>&gt;<i> committers
</I>&gt;<i> +will be able to post; everyone else will be moderated.
</I>&gt;<i> +At first glance, this seems to go against our goal of more transparency.
</I>&gt;<i> +We want this to be a useful list for the project members to communicate in
</I>&gt;<i> +public -- like many Parliaments, for example, where debate is public but
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> +public doesn't speak.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +Still, not everyone is completely comfortable with this, and some have
</I>&gt;<i> said
</I>&gt;<i> +that they will basically approve any posting held for moderation.
</I>&gt;<i> +It's an experiment, and if we can open the list for public posting,
</I>&gt;<i> without
</I>&gt;<i> +getting drowned out, we'll do so.  Note that all OMC vote results will be
</I>&gt;<i> +posted here, as will initial discussions about vote topics.  One
</I>&gt;<i> important item
</I>&gt;<i> +that will be discussed on this list is planning for upcoming releases.
</I>&gt;<i> +Also, our paid fellows will be posting monthly status reports there.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We decided to increase our use of GitHub. In addition to asking that all
</I>&gt;<i> +bug reports and enhancement requests be reported as issues, we now want
</I>&gt;<i> all
</I>&gt;<i> +major code proposals to be discussed as issues before a large pull request
</I>&gt;<i> +shows up. This will let the community discuss the feature, offer input on
</I>&gt;<i> +design and such, before having code to look at.  We hope this will let us
</I>&gt;<i> +all first look at the bigger picture, before getting bogged down in the
</I>&gt;<i> +weeds of line-by-line code reviews.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We are going to close the openssl-dev mailing list. The distinction
</I>&gt;<i> between
</I>&gt;<i> +openssl-dev and openssl-users was often unclear, and the changes described
</I>&gt;<i> +above will make that situation worse. GitHub issues are the way
</I>&gt;<i> +most projects work these days, and with the creation of openssl-project it
</I>&gt;<i> +should be much more clear how and when to use the openssl-users mailing
</I>&gt;<i> +list.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +If our expectations are wrong, of course, we'll fix or revert these
</I>&gt;<i> +changes.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +## Cryptography Policies
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +Part of our discussions were about our mission.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- What security properties are we trying to provide our users?
</I>&gt;<i> +- Do we see ourselves as responsbile for keeping the ecosystem secure?
</I>&gt;<i> +- Are we a TLS toolkit or a &quot;it's all there&quot; crypto toolkit?
</I>&gt;<i> +- And so on...
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +While discussing these questions, we came up with a few policy decisions.
</I>&gt;<i> +These apply to all new cryptography, and in a future release we will
</I>&gt;<i> address
</I>&gt;<i> +the existing source.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- Insecure configuration options will not be enabled by default but must
</I>&gt;<i> +be enabled by a compile-time switch. We had already started to do this by
</I>&gt;<i> +disabling SSLv2 and small keys. A recent change is that &quot;multi-prime RSA&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> +will enforce a maximum number of prime factors by default.  In the future,
</I>&gt;<i> +it's possible we'll increase the minimum key sizes for a variety of
</I>&gt;<i> algorithms.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- It must be possible to disable all new algorithms at compile-time.
</I>&gt;<i> +When we extend that existing code, we'll probably skip cases that are
</I>&gt;<i> known
</I>&gt;<i> +to not work. Building OpenSSL without SHA will break libssl, so it's not
</I>&gt;<i> worth
</I>&gt;<i> +spending time on that.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- The EVP interface is the primary interface for calling crypto
</I>&gt;<i> operations.
</I>&gt;<i> +All new algorithms should only provide this API.
</I>&gt;<i> +In a future release, existing API's like ``AES_encrypt`` will be provided
</I>&gt;<i> +with a compatibility layer, perhaps separately, that wraps the EVP API.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- All algorithms and protocols should be recognized by a national or
</I>&gt;<i> +international standards body. That is somewhat vague, but the important
</I>&gt;<i> +point is that we are implementors, not cryptographers, and will defer
</I>&gt;<i> +judgement to experts.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +- The DEFAULT value for the cipher string is not the same as ALL.
</I>&gt;<i> +That is, while many ciphers will be available to the libraries, they will
</I>&gt;<i> +not be enabled at the TLS layer unless specified at run-time.
</I>&gt;<i> +This brought up the point that the syntax of the cipher string cannot
</I>&gt;<i> +support the things people need it to do, including &quot;cipher classes,&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> +custom keywords, and site-wide configurations.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +## Roadmap
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We remain committed to having TLS 1.3 be the main feature for our next
</I>&gt;<i> +release. Of course we must wait for the IETF to finish it. We'll again
</I>&gt;<i> +point out that this is version 1.1.1, and you should get your applications
</I>&gt;<i> +ready by porting to 1.1.0 now.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We reviewed the status of our license-change work. We'll post an update in
</I>&gt;<i> +a couple of weeks, but our goal is to change the license with this next
</I>&gt;<i> +release.
</I>&gt;<i> +
</I>&gt;<i> +We also decided that the primary focus of the next feature release will be
</I>&gt;<i> +FIPS. We know that FIPS is very important to some, not all, members of our
</I>&gt;<i> +community and we are committed to addressing this. We don't have much more
</I>&gt;<i> +information to share, and we know there has been some confusion and
</I>&gt;<i> +misleading communication out there. But we do want to make this strong,
</I>&gt;<i> +definitive statement: OpenSSL will implement a FIPS solution, and we
</I>&gt;<i> expect
</I>&gt;<i> +it will be much faster than previous timetables.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> openssl-project mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">openssl-project at openssl.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">https://mta.openssl.org/mailman/listinfo/openssl-project</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://mta.openssl.org/pipermail/openssl-project/attachments/20180103/a930de66/attachment.html">http://mta.openssl.org/pipermail/openssl-project/attachments/20180103/a930de66/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>



<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="000042.html">[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="000046.html">[openssl-project] As per vote, the project list is created
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#43">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#43">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#43">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#43">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">More information about the openssl-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
