<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="https://mta.openssl.org/pipermail/openssl-project/2020-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BVOTE%20PROPOSAL%5D%20Weekly%20OTC%20meeting%20until%203.0%20beta1%20is%20released&In-Reply-To=%3CCANm5x_PJXorZitT-W2QP74No%2BLyLwRY9-tiyo1j9a-8woYj9fg%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002294.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002316.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released</H1>
    <B>Nicola Tuveri</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BVOTE%20PROPOSAL%5D%20Weekly%20OTC%20meeting%20until%203.0%20beta1%20is%20released&In-Reply-To=%3CCANm5x_PJXorZitT-W2QP74No%2BLyLwRY9-tiyo1j9a-8woYj9fg%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released">nic.tuv at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Oct  9 11:48:19 UTC 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002294.html">[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002316.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2334">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2334">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2334">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2334">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I received no feedback, so I am keeping the vote text as proposed and
opening the vote shortly.


Nicola

On Wed, 7 Oct 2020 at 16:53, Nicola Tuveri &lt;<A HREF="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">nic.tuv at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Background
</I>&gt;<i> ----------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Since the two virtual face-to-face OTC meetings of last week, and again
</I>&gt;<i> in the two OTC meetings this week, we repeatedly discussed replacing the
</I>&gt;<i> weekly &quot;developer meetings&quot; with official OTC meetings.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> The &quot;developer meetings&quot; have so far seen frequent participation from a
</I>&gt;<i> subset of OTC members heavily involved in day to day tasks for the
</I>&gt;<i> [`3.0 New Core + FIPS` project][new_core+FIPS], and have been open and
</I>&gt;<i> advertised to all OTC members since the end of January, but they were
</I>&gt;<i> not qualified as official OTC meetings: they were meant to assess the
</I>&gt;<i> weekly progress within the project, and determine the coming week's
</I>&gt;<i> priorities, discussing and resolving any difficulties encountered.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Rationale
</I>&gt;<i> ---------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> At this point in the development process, in which we are refining the
</I>&gt;<i> state of development branch to finally qualify for the transition into
</I>&gt;<i> the beta release stage, upgrading these meetings to proper OTC meetings
</I>&gt;<i> seems appropriate and desirable, as discussion and assessment of the
</I>&gt;<i> remaining technical tasks increasingly requires discussion within the
</I>&gt;<i> OTC and OTC decisions, and additionally provides OTC steering on the
</I>&gt;<i> preferred way of completing some of the allocated tasks before the work
</I>&gt;<i> is done, rather than after the fact.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Personally, I also expect that upgrading the developer meetings into
</I>&gt;<i> full-fledged OTC meetings will increase attendance by the wider OTC
</I>&gt;<i> audience: this would provide the OTC as a whole with better oversight on
</I>&gt;<i> the progress towards the upcoming release, and would further improve the
</I>&gt;<i> quality of the release process by leveraging the plurality of OTC
</I>&gt;<i> perspectives and insights.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Meeting Schedule
</I>&gt;<i> ----------------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> So far, the &quot;developer meetings&quot; have been regularly scheduled each
</I>&gt;<i> Tuesday from 08:00 to 09:30 (UTC, 24h format), with a tendency to spill
</I>&gt;<i> into the next half-hour.
</I>&gt;<i> There have been cases in which we had to hit the 3h mark, but I wouldn't
</I>&gt;<i> describe 3h as the norm.
</I>&gt;<i> My proposal for the OTC meeting is to adopt the same 1h30m (+30m buffer)
</I>&gt;<i> approach.
</I>&gt;<i> Tuesday, 08:00 UTC as the starting time, has been so far a good
</I>&gt;<i> compromise between folks working in European and Australian timezone,
</I>&gt;<i> and keeping it is the current proposal, but is admittedly not the best
</I>&gt;<i> time for attendance from the American continents.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Vote: why and when?
</I>&gt;<i> -------------------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> We are proposing a vote, rather than agreeing on it during the last
</I>&gt;<i> call, to invite discussion from the OTC members that could not
</I>&gt;<i> participate in the meetings during these two weeks, for example
</I>&gt;<i> regarding alternative time slots to improve overall attendance.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I plan to wait until Friday to open the actual vote: please provide
</I>&gt;<i> feedback before then if you would like to amend the letter of the vote
</I>&gt;<i> topic.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> One item on which I'd like to ask for feedback is if the actual vote
</I>&gt;<i> text should include the specifics of the timeslot or not.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Proposed vote text
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         Hold online weekly OTC meetings starting on Tuesday 2020-10-13
</I>&gt;<i>         and until 3.0 beta1 is released, in lieu of the weekly
</I>&gt;<i>         &quot;developer meetings&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Refs
</I>&gt;<i> ----
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> [new_core+FIPS]: <A HREF="https://github.com/openssl/openssl/projects/2">https://github.com/openssl/openssl/projects/2</A>
</I></PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002294.html">[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002316.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2334">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2334">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2334">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2334">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">More information about the openssl-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
