<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="https://mta.openssl.org/pipermail/openssl-project/2020-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20VOTE%3A%20Technical%20Items%20still%20to%20be%20done&In-Reply-To=%3C766d8827-9b6a-31a0-8748-da6fa9730218%40openssl.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002320.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002323.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>VOTE: Technical Items still to be done</H1>
    <B>Matt Caswell</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:openssl-project%40openssl.org?Subject=Re%3A%20VOTE%3A%20Technical%20Items%20still%20to%20be%20done&In-Reply-To=%3C766d8827-9b6a-31a0-8748-da6fa9730218%40openssl.org%3E"
       TITLE="VOTE: Technical Items still to be done">matt at openssl.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Oct  8 15:01:16 UTC 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002320.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002323.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2321">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2321">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2321">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2321">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Note that Nicola pointed out a formatting error in the vote text. The
last sub-bullet under point 2 is actually 2 different sub-bullets that
got merged together, i.e.

   - Compile and link 1.1.1 command line app against the master headers and
     library.  Run 1.1.1 app test cases against the chimera.  Treat this
as an
     external test using a special 1.1.1 branch.
   - Deprecated functions used by libssl should be moved to independent
file(s),
     to limit the suppression of deprecated defines to the absolute minimum
     scope.


Since this is formatting only I don't think it affects the vote. I've
corrected it in votes.txt.

Matt

On 08/10/2020 15:47, Matt Caswell wrote:
&gt;<i> topic: The following items are required prerequisites for the first beta
</I>&gt;<i> release:
</I>&gt;<i>  1) EVP is the recommended API, it must be feature-complete compared with
</I>&gt;<i>     the functionality available using lower-level APIs.
</I>&gt;<i>    - Anything that isn&#8217;t available must be put to an OTC vote to exclude.
</I>&gt;<i>    - The apps are the minimum bar for this, subject to exceptions noted
</I>&gt;<i> below.
</I>&gt;<i>  2) Deprecation List Proposal: DH_, DSA_, ECDH_, ECDSA_, EC_KEY_, RSA_,
</I>&gt;<i>     RAND_METHOD_.
</I>&gt;<i>    - Does not include macros defining useful constants (e.g.
</I>&gt;<i>      SHA512_DIGEST_LENGTH).
</I>&gt;<i>    - Excluded from Deprecation: `EC_`, `DSA_SIG_`, `ECDSA_SIG_`.
</I>&gt;<i>    - There might be some others.
</I>&gt;<i>    - Review for exceptions.
</I>&gt;<i>    - The apps are the minimum bar to measure feature completeness for
</I>&gt;<i> the EVP
</I>&gt;<i>      interface: rewrite them so they do not use internal nor deprecated
</I>&gt;<i>      functions (except speed, engine, list, passwd -crypt and the code
</I>&gt;<i> to handle
</I>&gt;<i>      the -engine CLI option).  That is, remove the suppression of deprecated
</I>&gt;<i>      define.
</I>&gt;<i>      - Proposal: drop passwd -crypt (OMC vote required)
</I>&gt;<i>    - Compile and link 1.1.1 command line app against the master headers and
</I>&gt;<i>      library.  Run 1.1.1 app test cases against the chimera.  Treat this
</I>&gt;<i> as an
</I>&gt;<i>      external test using a special 1.1.1 branch. Deprecated functions
</I>&gt;<i> used by
</I>&gt;<i>      libssl should be moved to independent file(s), to limit the
</I>&gt;<i> suppression of
</I>&gt;<i>      deprecated defines to the absolute minimum scope.
</I>&gt;<i>  3) Draft documentation (contents but not pretty)
</I>&gt;<i>    - Need a list of things we know are not present - including things we
</I>&gt;<i> have
</I>&gt;<i>      removed.
</I>&gt;<i>    - We need to have mapping tables for various d2i/i2d functions.
</I>&gt;<i>    - We need to have a mapping table from &#8220;old names&#8221; for things into the
</I>&gt;<i>      OSSL_PARAMS names.
</I>&gt;<i>      - Documentation addition to old APIs to refer to new ones (man7).
</I>&gt;<i>      - Documentation needs to reference name mapping.
</I>&gt;<i>      - All the legacy interfaces need to have their documentation
</I>&gt;<i> pointing to
</I>&gt;<i>        the replacement interfaces.
</I>&gt;<i>  4) Review (and maybe clean up) legacy bridge code.
</I>&gt;<i>  5) Review TODO(3.0) items #12224.
</I>&gt;<i>  6) Source checksum script.
</I>&gt;<i>  7) Review of functions previously named _with_libctx.
</I>&gt;<i>  8) Encoder fixes (PKCS#8, PKCS#1, etc).
</I>&gt;<i>  9) Encoder DER to PEM refactor.
</I>&gt;<i> 10) Builds and passes tests on all primary, secondary and FIPS platforms.
</I>&gt;<i> 11) Query provider parameters (name, version, ...) from the command line.
</I>&gt;<i> 12) Setup buildbot infrastructure and associated instructions.
</I>&gt;<i> 13) Complete make fipsinstall.
</I>&gt;<i> 14) More specific decoding selection (e.g. params or keys).
</I>&gt;<i> 15) Example code covering replacements for deprecated APIs.
</I>&gt;<i> 16) Drop C code output options from the apps (OMC approval required).
</I>&gt;<i> 17) Address issues and PRs in the 3.0beta1 milestone.
</I>&gt;<i> Proposed by .
</I>&gt;<i> Public: yes
</I>&gt;<i> opened: 2020-10-08
</I>&gt;<i> closed: 2020-mm-dd
</I>&gt;<i> accepted:  yes/no  (for: X, against: Y, abstained: Z, not voted: T)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>   Matt       [+1]
</I>&gt;<i>   Mark       [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Pauli      [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Viktor     [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Tim        [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Richard    [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Shane      [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Tomas      [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Kurt       [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Matthias   [  ]
</I>&gt;<i>   Nicola     [  ]
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I></PRE>













<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002320.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002323.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2321">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2321">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2321">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2321">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">More information about the openssl-project
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
