<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The openssl-project October 2020 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>October 2020 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Thu Oct  1 08:36:09 UTC 2020</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Sat Oct 31 15:30:26 UTC 2020</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 121<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="002275.html">Would this be interesting to the project?
</A><A NAME="2275">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002276.html">Would this be interesting to the project?
</A><A NAME="2276">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dmitry Belyavsky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002277.html">Would this be interesting to the project?
</A><A NAME="2277">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002278.html">Would this be interesting to the project?
</A><A NAME="2278">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dmitry Belyavsky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002279.html">[OTC] Agenda proposal for OTC meeting on 2020-10-06
</A><A NAME="2279">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002280.html">[OTC] Agenda proposal for OTC meeting on 2020-10-06
</A><A NAME="2280">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002281.html">Would this be interesting to the project?
</A><A NAME="2281">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dmitry Belyavsky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002282.html">Tracking important issues
</A><A NAME="2282">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002283.html">Tracking important issues
</A><A NAME="2283">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002284.html">Tracking important issues
</A><A NAME="2284">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002285.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2285">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002286.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2286">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002287.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2287">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002288.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2288">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002289.html">Vote proposal: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM into 3.0
</A><A NAME="2289">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002290.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2290">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002291.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2291">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002292.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2292">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002293.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2293">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002294.html">[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2294">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002295.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2295">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002296.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2296">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002297.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2297">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002298.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2298">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002299.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2299">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002300.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2300">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002301.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2301">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002302.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2302">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002303.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2303">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dmitry Belyavsky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002304.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2304">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002305.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2305">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002306.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2306">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002307.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2307">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002308.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2308">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002309.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2309">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SHANE LONTIS
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002310.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2310">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Benjamin Kaduk
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002311.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2311">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002312.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2312">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002313.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2313">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002314.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2314">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002315.html">Vote proposal: Private keys can exist independently of public keys
</A><A NAME="2315">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002316.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2316">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002317.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2317">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002318.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2318">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002319.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2319">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002320.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2320">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002321.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2321">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002322.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2322">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002323.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2323">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Hudson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002324.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2324">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Hudson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002325.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2325">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002326.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2326">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002327.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2327">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002328.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2328">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002329.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2329">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002330.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2330">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002331.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2331">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SHANE LONTIS
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002332.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2332">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SHANE LONTIS
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002333.html">Vote proposal: Technical items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2333">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002334.html">[VOTE PROPOSAL] Weekly OTC meeting until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2334">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002335.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2335">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002336.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2336">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002337.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2337">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002338.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2338">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002339.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2339">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002340.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2340">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002341.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2341">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Hudson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002342.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2342">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SHANE LONTIS
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002343.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2343">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002344.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2344">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002345.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2345">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark J Cox
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002346.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2346">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002347.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2347">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002348.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2348">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SHANE LONTIS
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002349.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2349">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002350.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2350">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002351.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2351">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002352.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2352">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002353.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2353">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Hudson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002354.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2354">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark J Cox
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002355.html">Monthly Status Report (September)
</A><A NAME="2355">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002356.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2356">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002357.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2357">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002358.html">VOTE: Weekly OTC meetings until 3.0 beta1 is released
</A><A NAME="2358">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002359.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2359">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002360.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2360">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002361.html">Additional things for deprecation
</A><A NAME="2361">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Hudson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002362.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2362">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002363.html">Alpha releases
</A><A NAME="2363">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002364.html">VOTE: Accept the Fully Pluggable TLSv1.3 KEM functionality
</A><A NAME="2364">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nicola Tuveri
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002365.html">Additional things for deprecation
</A><A NAME="2365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002366.html">Proposed vote: Drop C code output options from the apps
</A><A NAME="2366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002367.html">Proposed vote: Drop support for &quot;passwd -crypt&quot;
</A><A NAME="2367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002368.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002369.html">VOTE: Technical Items still to be done
</A><A NAME="2369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002370.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002371.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002372.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002373.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002374.html">OpenSSL version 3.0.0-alpha7 published
</A><A NAME="2374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>OpenSSL
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002375.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Benjamin Kaduk
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002376.html">Meaning of no-xxx option
</A><A NAME="2376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kurt Roeckx
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002377.html">Meaning of no-xxx option
</A><A NAME="2377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dmitry Belyavsky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002378.html">Meaning of no-xxx option
</A><A NAME="2378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002382.html">Assigning OpenSSL 3.0.0 beta1 issues
</A><A NAME="2382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salz, Rich
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002379.html">Meaning of no-xxx option
</A><A NAME="2379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002380.html">LTS+
</A><A NAME="2380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002381.html">LTS+
</A><A NAME="2381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Caswell
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002383.html">LTS+
</A><A NAME="2383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002384.html">LTS+
</A><A NAME="2384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002385.html">LTS+
</A><A NAME="2385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002386.html">Hacktoberfest
</A><A NAME="2386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002387.html">Hacktoberfest
</A><A NAME="2387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002388.html">Hacktoberfest
</A><A NAME="2388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr. Matthias St. Pierre
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002389.html">OTC VOTE: The PR #11359 (Allow to continue with further checks on UNABLE_TO_VERIFY_LEAF_SIGNATURE) is acceptable for 1.1.1 branch
</A><A NAME="2389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tomas Mraz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002390.html">Project direction
</A><A NAME="2390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Paul Dale
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002391.html">Late Monthly Status Report (June 2020)
</A><A NAME="2391">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002392.html">Late Monthly Status Report (July 2020)
</A><A NAME="2392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002393.html">Late Monthly Status Report (August 2020)
</A><A NAME="2393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002394.html">Late Monthly Status Report (September 2020)
</A><A NAME="2394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002395.html">Monthly Status Report (October 2020)
</A><A NAME="2395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Levitte
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Sat Oct 31 15:30:26 UTC 2020</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Sat Oct 31 15:30:28 UTC 2020</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="../../../mailman/listinfo/openssl-project.html">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

